Add description (#15)
jenkins-infra/docker-plugin-site-issues: README.md

# docker-plugin-site-issues

[![](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/jenkinsciinfra/plugin-site-issues?label=jenkinsciinfra%2Fplugin-site-issues&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkinsciinfra/plugin-site-issues/tags)

> Docker image containing a NodeJS service used by [the plugins site](plugins.jenkins.io) to retrieve informations about plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker image containing a NodeJS service used by [the plugins site](plugins.jenkins.io) to retrieve release and issue information about a plugin.
```
